[Music]
welcome back to let's play out later
sophie my name
is carsten now we had
a another quest we needed to turn in
since i made those parts and i keep
forgetting about them for the
clock thing but
first let's check out the doll making
thing
[Music]
you've got a song
okay
doll making allows you to customize
clock to spotty selecting modify lets
you use
items to customize black dot selecting
look at body lets you check black's body
and her current status first try
selecting modify
[Music]
okay modify uses four materials to
customize black's body
the materials you can select are
determined by category you must choose
from each list of candidates
[Music]
um
and she has reactions there
[Music]
[Applause]
so that one's good
[Music]
[Applause]
psy this is good it's troublesome i see
[Music]
if she likes that one
can we sort
[Music]
we can't sort by
what it's good for that one's 38
but it's also good for other stuff here
that's 35.
[Music]
so we can't sort by category value
that's
[Music]
yeah i guess we can use this one
that's a pretty big boost
material selected will change the
parameters after modifying higher level
materials offer greater increases
materials have four different trends for
changes the value of these trends
will change block disappearance the
expected body after modifying is shown
in the upper right
body you've never seen before will show
us huh you have to see to find out
[Music]
well how does the dlc figure in if it's
all done by this
[Music]
so these i have a couple of i can throw
one of those on it
[Music]
i guess 15 is good for jim um
that's 16.
[Music]
16.
[Applause]
[Music]
these are 25 secret power that's five
secret power
that's 9 5
5 10
11. these are 20 oh that's 27
that size plus
[Music]
probably won't have much more use for
that than here let's go ahead and do
that
okay
overall some not bad at all stat boosts
so let's go
[Music]
can you remodel into multiple bodies
select one to use
[Music]
okay i guess
okay so what i'm gonna do here what
should i use
is i'm gonna use like really cheap stuff
that i don't care about to get the to
figure out what each of these
is um
i think something new will come from
this
[Music]
what should i use
that way i can see what they all are
[Music]
what should i use
[Applause]
[Music]
what should i use
so we will just kind of grind through
all of these
[Music]
it with delight okay this completes
modifying you can choose to take
parameters appearance or both
oh so i can choose just to do appearance
and leave the parameters as they are
[Music]
okay now this is
she likes it
[Music]
wendia okay
so let's go through and
just do a little bit of grinding out
what should i use what should i use
just to see what
all the i think something new will come
from this
different rooms are
[Applause]
[Music]
this one is the aqua suit oh it's a
bathing suit not underwear it's a
bathing suit
right okay
what should i use
what should i use what should i use
should i use
i think something new will come from
this is this really okay
the christmas outfit huh
now it says i could choose uh
the saint night right
it said i could choose appearance or
stats or both
let me see if i can see where i can do
that
[Applause]
what should i use
[Music]
i think something new will come from
this
[Music]
oh that's interesting
oh that's interesting which one we
choose does have an effect on different
things
[Music]
interesting
i guess choosing that is where we choose
to change
okay there's the mascot
or she looks like a gust
from when gus showed up in the
neptunia games
what should i use
[Music]
i think something new will come from
this is this really okay
[Music]
i forget which of these are dlc
that one's kind of neat and which ones
weren't
so let's see this is lady saber i think
that's one of the dlc that one looks
pretty cool
i might need to go and find more
elixir things what should i use
what should i use
[Music]
unless i come up with another stat thing
that does affect it massively
she has little ears
[Music]
silver tail okay
and probably one more
thank you what should i use
[Music]
what should i use
really useful steps on it
[Music]
and that one is called village i think
that's another dlc one
okay so now what we want to do
so now we're actually gonna do
good stats
that one's 38 i think that's the most
we have is 38
that's 45 do we have anything that beats
i really wish i could sort that's 49.
[Applause]
[Music]
that was 30.
not seeing any much higher
[Music]
i wonder what it is about it that
determines
what that is
i guess it's which one it is combined
with quality
yeah these are 25 secret power
oh we're looking for jen
[Music]
these are 15 gems
that's 25.
that's also 25.
probably use that one unless
one of these others is somewhat larger
than that
that's 38.
i might use that
[Music]
that's 40 but
i only have one i don't remember if
that's one i made or not
[Music]
these if i remember i can find let's see
my crystals are
yeah there are a couple places where i
can pick those up
so i can use one of them what should i
use
now this is secret power
those are 25 secret power
these are 11
5 5
[Music]
that one's probably good
yeah so we'll go with
that one that's 30.
[Music]
[Applause]
i think something new will come from
this
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
[Music]
and we have another
another outfit now the question is
[Music]
how does that compare to what we have
that one
oh man they're all different stats
[Music]
more hp less mp
a bit less attack more defense so that
one's kind of a tanky one
[Music]
actually what we want to do is we want
to compare
to let's just compare to what we have
[Music]
previously
so that one is a bit more min and max
damage
[Music]
that one's more hpmp less
attack and speed
[Music]
that one's a lot more attack
that one's a lot more battle that one's
actually less defense though
and less speed that one's
[Music]
that one's pretty good slightly better
overall
that one has more defense and more hp
very slightly less attack a little bit
less speed than mp
but i haven't seen it yet we'll give
this a try so we can see
it
[Music]
is this really okay uh
yeah let's do it
it's still better stash than original
it's done
[Music]
it looks kind of neat too
no not modified we're gonna look no no
modify
[Music]
look bright soul
interesting but we'll leave it at that
since that has the
[Music]
more of the um stat stuff i put on it
okay so next up
i have to deliver those parts and
synthesize aries brooch oh yeah and i
was reading through some of my pre or
watching
some of my previous footage and i
happened to note when i was going
through
the
let's see i don't remember which day is
weekend
but if we go into the cafe
now it's i need to wait for
so i can exchange some of the vouchers
because apparently that
thing i need to make that approach is i
can buy with vouchers
welcome which request will you accept
[Music]
needs two of my three island fish fins
okay i can turn in five of those
[Music]
certainly
um
[Music]
long as i find ones that aren't
okay we'll do that i think
i don't want to turn in all my all of
those especially for so little
[Music]
um
with those
[Music]
i can find it a bunch of places
[Applause]
i think and these
i can fight at a few places
so let's go with those
welcome
and let's turn in
[Music]
those precise parts that i made
harold i made the missing parts i see
all right let me check them here you go
hmm um is it no good
no to be honest i'm surprised they're
better made than i imagined
they're built even more precisely and
elaborately than the ones engineers make
then yeah this is more than enough i'll
fix that box like you asked
yay thank you so much harold there's no
need to thank me
i'm half doing this out of my own
personal interest
still the internal structure is really
precise it'll take some time to fix it
i'll bring it over to your atlear when
the repairs are done just sit tight and
wait
okay i understand i'll leave it to you
yeah just leave it to me
all right so for right now though
let's go to the world map do a bit of
fighting um where can we go next
getting those things gathering of beasts
has some of the stuff we need to fight
huh this is think
[Music]
though probably at night
let's get confused about direction on
that map
[Music]
okay now
not you there we go
[Music]
and let's see if we can see some of
these skills
[Music]
okay that wasn't satisfying
no we annihilate them before we even see
anything
okay this looks easy
there's five of them maybe i can get off
a skill
wide open there
[Music]
sure
and the rain shot doesn't even hit until
okay
[Music]
well i saw her do the motions anyway
i'm still not sure what it does but okay
all right let's go to the next area
we need to fight stuff at all right
where to
which is up here
actually let's go here
[Music]
travel issues can be synthesized all
right oh
hello the thumb's just getting started
um let's have you toss
that there go ahead and bomb them
and bomb them and that'll probably just
about kill them off
you go ahead and use that since i
haven't seen it yet
in case it's not dead by the time we're
done with these
[Music]
that's doing a lot less damage than the
first time i ran into that
that was an easy victory let's continue
[Music]
so that was kind of cool
i was trying to get around it
you should be pretty trivial
okay wide open
moving there
[Music]
i say is i fail to kill them all and
end up taking some damage that wasn't
satisfying
next bonus four
i wonder where i got the bonus xp from
let me uh fight that guy again
okay we're gonna give this our all
and we'll go ahead and do
uh we'll do that on them
uh we use the bomb and we will
use them we use
that on that one
not that it really matters too much
[Music]
gonna hit
both and if there's only one
[Music]
don't left me for whatever happens
okay well i didn't even get to it
all right let's see if we can fight one
more
[Music]
i'll just hop out and back in since i
don't know if they show up at night
we were just here
and there it is okay hey
the fun's just getting started
okay let's try
[Music]
that seems a little bit lower level
we'll do that and
that not use any items
i mean other than with duplication
okay just to see if we can
grand
[Music]
time rey use what i was saying
that was an easy victory let's continue
like this
i got stronger again
i got another one of those fish fins
a couple other minor things
all right let's head back
oh i should clear these out um
let's head back
[Music]
[Applause]
make travelers shoes
let's go and turn in those
though
welcome which request will you accept
oh i need to make more pure water
[Music]
thank you very much
thank you three vouchers and a good
chunk of change for that one
codex of creation and plain waffles
[Music]
i think i'll grab these these don't have
time limits on them
and it's a good chunk of change for
those welcome
though i don't know if i have waffles
yet
[Music]
bagel sandwich with effect fluffy
so if we look
here i'm guessing it would be in here
oh i can make plain waffles it's in
there
[Music]
so if i make a bagel sandwich with
effect fluffy
which is 60 to 89 from water
then i get another
thing there let's go to the outlier
[Music]
running a little long but i can probably
do that real quick i need to make rommel
flower
which material should i choose
[Music]
um
[Applause]
and let's see
[Music]
this reaction isn't going great
how's this yeah yeah that's fine well
done
now go over here and make a bagel should
i choose
and
[Music]
use that and maybe
yeah again we're just doing this to make
the recipe
idea so what we want to do
here is i want to get
up to 60.
luminous water is 30 there hmm
and we'll do
[Music]
[Applause]
that i guess so i need to do a little
boost on green
okay i'll try it
[Music]
all right this looks great
actually what i want to do is
[Music]
um
that going great that will probably do
it
it's going great
[Music]
whoa this looks kind of
will this go amazing
[Music]
no we need to redo that because we need
more um
now which cauldron let's change
this
[Music]
you want to use that please that one i
guess
[Music]
um
yeah we use one of these ones
[Music]
which cauldron
okay i'll try it now which cauldron
that's plus six so
what i wanna do
i think this would be best here
i feel like something right will happen
i feel like something no not that i want
to be there
and there
[Music]
no
was there more in red
[Music]
[Applause]
it's going great what if i do that
[Music]
no
why is that
[Music]
it's going great it's going great
will this go well still 55.
okay let's start over here
what we want to do
this would be best here
[Music]
this would be best here i've decided
this material goes here
if we put that there
[Music]
and that's there
wow this looks kind of amazing
and then that will this go well there we
go
that gets it to fluffy
and that lets me learn natural yeast
okay well
this episode's been going on a little
while hope you enjoy
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play out later
sophie my name is carsten
we have a few more things to make so
let's make them to pass the time
[Music]
now that we need to try to i think we
need to wait for the weekend
to buy the material for that
and i might want to see if i can make a
better version of the cauldron later
in fact let me see if i can make a
better version of the cauldron right
now
[Music]
if we sort this by category value
yeah we can do a better version here
i don't think any of these are really
going to
[Music]
make much difference now we need two of
these so we need
at least value 30.
and we might want to use ones that are
blue
[Music]
i'll use that
and that
none of these are
none of these really matter here
so we'll just pick things that
okay now here
we need to try to get
more bonus
let's see we can do that
wow which cauldron
[Music]
[Applause]
okay i'll try it
oh this reaction is interesting so put
these
okay
[Applause]
oh this reaction is interesting so what
we'll do
now now let's put
that here i feel like something great
will happen
put that there
get that there
and that there
that does get us to panel 5x5 and rotate
[Music]
so yeah this is this is very okay
so that will help out a lot being able
to just rotate parts around
full tetris okay
what material should i use yeah i'm
curious if
this ends up with the same type of thing
here
it looks like it probably will is this
really okay
which cauldron is best
okay then let's start this
should go here
[Music]
i think something good will happen
yeah this is good so if we do
this material goes here
[Music]
i think something good
and that this is going great
[Music]
[Applause]
is this really okay no we're just gonna
cancel out of that
it's not gonna be as good as grandma's
cauldron that i've made
so now what else do we need to make
i haven't made that yet not too
concerned until i need it though
i need to make
[Music]
some more pure water
what material should i use i don't think
it really mattered what i made it with
um
[Music]
these are all pretty nice now that one's
okay that one we don't care about
uh let's see
those are really high quality stuff
except for that one we'll do that one
and that one
because i don't think it matters what we
end up with other than
just making it
[Music]
do that that's fine actually let's see
let's just sort these by
that yeah we'll throw that one on which
cauldron is best
[Music]
okay then let's start yeah this is good
yeah that
the full rotate thing now the question
is
yeah we do have full rotate control
that is awesome i think something good
will happen
that will make things so much easier
got four of those
[Music]
i will do
anything else we needed to make oh yeah
traveler's shoes
what material should i use
so this we do want to sort by category
value
i'm going to try to get it up to 150
that may be tricky
i'm going to do first is this really
let's see
green is probably gonna be most useful
what material should i use
do i have any of these that are green
just these
[Music]
it's looking for other things that are
green
[Music]
[Applause]
um
i don't think i have a whole lot else
that's green
except these is this really which
cauldron is best
okay then let's start
[Music]
so if we
[Applause]
start out
[Music]
i think something good will happen we're
trying to boost some of these
[Music]
i think something good will happen
hmm
this goes here and then
all right
[Music]
and the question is will that
is this really okay
what does that compare if we do that
no it really is better to do that
yeah i think if we do
oh right this is going well
that it may be even better
no
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see if we
if we put that one there something good
will happen
[Music]
i think something good will happen
and then
and then that is this really okay
what if we do
that one first and then that one
is this really okay well
it's not perfect i can't get up to 150
with the materials i have right now
let's go ahead and get it
[Music]
we want that quality up may be good
and defense boost would probably be good
though max hp and mp up is probably also
good
we'll do hp mp up
in fact actually let's do
[Music]
and let's go ahead and get those
equipped because i'm sure those are
explore equipment here
now lighten this body a little reduces
mp cons or lp consumption on the map
gathering gloves
keep away danger reduces chance of
incidents
and increases crit rate
i think i'll
what does that do increases xp
and stats
so i want that one um
[Music]
that is just move speed
and it doesn't look like this actually
affects my stats
[Music]
so really all we need to look at is
now hold off on this
and we did have to make what else did we
have to make
a plain waffle and a codex of creation
do that codex of creation have
no it doesn't matter what we do with it
what kind of stuff should i make
so we will make a
we don't have plain waffles yet
you can ice bomb that'll get us that
tuned cauldron scar
supreme hot milk that's hot let's try
that
oh well first let's make
[Applause]
let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
will this go wow which cauldron okay
i'll try it
[Music]
i'll try this here oh
this reaction is interesting
[Music]
and let's see we will do that one
and that will this go well
all right i'll finish it now now
what traits to transfer
and let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
is this okay yeah we'll do that okay
it's finished
[Music]
excuse me ah harold welcome i finished
repairing this thing i brought it over
oh this is corey's box corey
wait so this wasn't yours oh didn't i
tell you
oh well i want to show it to the owner
he should come too
why do i have to go it's fine come on
let's go
wait up hey damn it guess i have no
choice
[Music]
and that's what happened harold is the
one who fixed your box corey
wait really thank you very much
no i didn't really
hey corey you should try pressing the
switch yes
wow
so this box was a music box
yeah it's a pretty complicated machine
and repairs took more work than i
thought
this tune i've never heard it before
it seems kind of nostalgic
it might be a song from your people's
homeland cory
maybe techniques used to make that music
box aren't from around here
my people's homeland
that's great cory that song might be a
clue to help you find your dad
this town has a lot of immigrants and a
number of travelers it's possible
someone might recognize that song
yeah you should ask a lot of people
about it and try to find something out
yes thank you both i'll cherish this
music box
all right so that's done
we needed to well we needed to do a
couple more crafts but since we're right
here
[Music]
ah hello tess
you've got such good timing sophie you
have my respect huh
what are you talking about there's
actually something i wanted to ask you
do you think he could collect some wood
for me i don't mind but
why well i used the bomb you gave me to
blow the rock in my yard to kingdom come
but it was a little too strong and the
pieces went flying everywhere there's a
hole in my house now
wait that's a big problem i'm sorry it's
all because of my bomb
no i'm the one who asked you to make it
it's not your fault
nobody was hurt right yeah everyone's
okay
me and my brothers are all perfectly
fine although my house has been
seriously wounded
[Music]
anyway that's why i need what i need to
close up the hole in the wall
i'm sorry but could you bring some to me
yeah i understand
all right thanks now what type of wood
does she actually need
spruce just needs one spruce i can do
that
actually before i forget
i need to get that it's going to take
like half my
vouchers but
[Music]
just thanks for your business
that will let me craft
that perch let's turn in the wood
oh thanks sophie yeah this is some
really good wood
will this be enough yeah it's perfect
this should make a better wall than i
had before
that's good anyway here's your award the
payments for the bombs included
receive 500 coal
thank you very much by the way tess
sounds like this will be a major project
will you be able to do it alone
oh yeah i'll be fine i'm actually really
good at carpentry
huh that's kind of unexpected
well my little brothers are pretty rowdy
so they break lots of stuff
i'd always have to fix it all so so you
got good at it before you knew it
yeah that's right i see however if you
require assistance please don't hesitate
to ask i'll go over to help
yeah i'll help too i'm happy
you say that i'll ask if i can't fix it
up myself
but maybe a bomb was overdoing it a
little i kind of regret it
welcome thank you which request will you
okay
oh we need to make the the waffles and
the
codex i can make all of those but how
many
yeah i can do i can do this and still do
the promotion test
[Music]
it takes a lot of my luminous water
though
[Music]
thank you very much got a lot of
mattress for it
[Music]
magnificent just as i'd expect of you
sophie you've done very well
with this you are now a request
contractor of the highest rank
i did it um mr horsts i'm the highest
rank now does that mean the rewards are
the highest too
of course i'm going to make lots of
money
still to think that little sophie has
grown so much it brings a tear to my eye
hey wait this is something to cry over
today's on the house please order as
much as you want
wait really as much as i want yay
not that i can actually order anything
from him
so we need to go back to the atlier
and we need to make should i make
a
[Music]
codex of creation it's going to take all
my saddle but that's okay i can make
more
and i'll take one of these
[Music]
[Applause]
and two thread
and two of these
is this really okay yeah that's right
which cauldron is bad
okay then let's start
this goes here yeah this is going great
yeah this is going great
[Music]
i think something good will happen
this is great this is great
[Music]
is this really all right i'll finish it
now
now what traits to transfer
[Music]
is this okay okay it's finished
now how does that compare to the one i'm
already have equipped
i didn't really pay too much attention i
was making it but you know
now that i think about it
[Music]
oh that's effective versus many anyway
steal some life vectors mini and fewer
bonus versus
[Music]
yeah that one's better
i'll turn in that old one
[Music]
and
i needed to figure out how to make
[Music]
i'm guessing it might be from that
supreme hot milk that's hot
actually look at that does it
tell us
if we look at usable
so i'm guessing i need to get that
last one up to 80.
okay what should i make
what material should i use
[Music]
do you want to search by category value
okay
and we will do
actually let's do those two
which cauldron is best okay then
let's start um well we want blue
or green or red for that last one
[Applause]
hmm that'll get us green
[Music]
[Applause]
is this really okay hey let's try that
okay then let's start
right this is going well
all right this is going well
[Music]
we'll do that one there going great
hmm
[Music]
all right this is going well
yeah this is going great
[Music]
if we put that
there is this really okay
that won't quite get up to 60.
if we put
[Music]
this material goes here there
and that one's there
all right this is going well
yeah this is going to break
[Music]
is this really it only gets to 38.
which cauldron is best if we
do i have some of these that are
different shape
[Music]
not really in a useful way
how about some of these that might
[Music]
not really i don't think i'm going to be
able to make that right now
now as far as recipe ideas go what else
working intel exhaust i'm really not
sure what to do with that
did i not make an ice bomb
[Applause]
[Music]
drilled scar scar of the
tanning tuned cauldron
okay what should i make
let's make this cereal should i use
and we'll do that one and
[Music]
um
all right this is going well
yeah this is going great
is this really okay sure that's fine
[Music]
now does that not give me more details
about that one below
it no
of course not
[Music]
let's check out scar of the land though
actually we will do that later
we have been working on crafting for
quite a while
let's just turn in what we have here
welcome which request will you extend
[Music]
thank you got some money for that and
five vouchers
that we can take care of welcome
what rumor do you wish to hear
[Music]
did i not hear about the days of the
week thank you very
much
okay sprout bud flower fruit and seed
okay
we're about locked up thank you
[Music]
just likes open and loose clothes skin
tight clothes apparently make her feel
uncomfortable
okay well that default outfit is just
wonderful isn't it
um
see what does this say okay thank you
very poison grass in the puzzling path
that increased body's recovery
okay welcome well we'll check that out
later
go back to the atlea for the moment
hope you enjoyed thanks for watching and
i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play out your
sophie my name is carsten
let's see we have i believe
[Music]
i can't do that yet i'm not sure where i
can spot one of those i think it may be
rare
that though we can do pretty easy and
we wanted to go to a particular i think
it was scar of the land
so let's head out
to the world map
[Music]
all right where to
oh we want to go here
[Music]
for that rumor
now let's go ahead and use this
may as well get those to be higher
quality if i can get around these guys
[Music]
well that wasn't a lot
[Applause]
so what is it that is here then
[Music]
are these guys
this main location foggy woodland but
are they here as well
[Music]
i haven't spotted them at all
i'm not sure what's
showing up here
[Music]
unless it was just that rumor
all right well i'll try fighting one of
these guys
the fun's just getting started
um not too bad
we're definitely going to
bomb these guys oh there's two of them
[Music]
yeah we will definitely be bombing the
heck out of these guys
actually i should i don't think it'll
matter that much
let's see now you go ahead and do rain
shot maybe i can actually see what it
does
this time
[Music]
that was not as much damage as i was
hoping
[Music]
that should help though
okay there i see them cued up during the
course of the turn
well first of all you heal up
you
use that
valkyrie raid and
there i'll use it myself
[Music]
oh i see so that skill plaque that has
recovers my stuff
and attacks theirs okay
good to know did i grow stronger
i don't really feel it
i feel like working my arms i think i'm
stronger and taller
[Music]
okay so that rain skill she has takes
until the next turn
but does do a good amount
of both healing and attack
which is quite useful
just gathering while i'm here i think i
probably have plenty of all this stuff
anyway
yeah that should be fine let's go ahead
and head back
to the atlear
because i think scar the land is in the
other direction
and i'll drop these off first anyway
[Music]
got a destination now scar of the land
is yeah up there
this is
what all these hp recoveries when i'm
not hurt yet
[Music]
i don't know which direction i need to
go for this
these guys we can fight right here
[Music]
yeah this should not be hard well
there's 234
i'll go ahead and throw a bomb at him
and just attack for the rest we should
be fine
oh yeah
[Music]
easy
now the question is is that area i get
the idea from over here
or the other path actually
it might say
[Music]
drilled scar
so this isn't it i think
[Music]
let me just gather up some stuff from
this area since i don't go here very
often
put some more of these okay
[Music]
i should probably make another one of
those uh
wait hang on
there we go
[Music]
hustle belt that sounds a lot like speed
belt
which on one of the previous ones i
remember was
horrendously complex to make and
required
so many sub-ingredients it was kind of
ridiculous
okay so i got that i thought i made an
ice bomb i don't know why that one
doesn't show up
because it didn't say it needed a
specific
trait i thought
i'll have to take a look at that in a
bit more detail in a minute
let me go ahead and take a look over on
the other area here
while we're out here
yeah let's use this
gather up some of these
just dodge the enemies for the moment
don't really need to fight them right
now
and i suppose it's good to get xp but
these are
probably kind of trivial at the moment
either that or not worth wasting all the
items on it would take
[Music]
all right well that's a good amount of
stuff
[Music]
let's just check back
over here one more run along the other
[Music]
direction
i guess i will fight some more of these
guys
shouldn't be too hard
actually let's use the full on version
of that
since some of those are a little tougher
and go ahead and do rainshot
they should do it
[Music]
i understand
[Applause]
[Music]
keep moving forward let's have some fun
okay well that's
trivial enough
[Music]
i was hoping the heel would go off
should have had her defend and just had
everyone else take care of it oh well
[Music]
okay um
get rid of that
because all this stuff i picked up is
pretty good
i don't think i need one of those or
that
[Music]
or that okay
now we'll head back
[Music]
[Applause]
make the hustle belt don't think i
will right actually
if i do that that'll no i just getting
the idea lets me look at these
[Music]
honey jelly with activate division
monster skill lightning
have to watch and survive an enemy do
[Music]
that
[Applause]
okay so i think what i will do
is make
[Music]
[Applause]
what material should i thought i had
already made one of these
but i guess not
[Music]
maybe i decided not to for some reason
is this really okay which cauldron is
bad
okay then let's start
yeah this is good
yeah this is going great all right
this is going well i think something
good will happen
um
[Music]
is this really okay yeah that's fine
i'll finish it
now what traits to transfer
is this okay yeah that's fine okay it's
finished
[Music]
why does that not
i didn't need any special trait did it
idea for my spawn why is that not
oh maybe i have to use it but i have to
use it
all right corey
you can use ice bombs right
[Music]
i'll do that one and have you use that
let me just check on the street i want
to check and see if
you have well you have a cutscene for me
hello corey ah sophie hello
you're listening to that music box again
yes i really like this tune
i see actually i really like it too you
do
i see um
sophie what is it cory i wonder what
kind of place this song was created in
was it warm or cold was it in the east
or the west
i'm curious about that too maybe they
had some really tasty food too
is there beautiful scenery or cute
animals there might be lots
of things that can't be seen around here
that really motive that really moves the
imagination
yes i feel very happy when i think about
things like that while listening to this
i see if you're happy then making those
parts was well worth it
yes oh i'm sorry i ended up talking too
much
you needed something from my store right
yeah let's see
[Music]
what do you have
oh you do sell island fish fins that's
good to know
hmm
[Music]
i'll grab some more of these because
they're good to have
[Music]
along with some more of these because
they're good to have
those i have a lot of them i'll hold off
[Music]
let's go
which one do you have anything
interesting not
really it's interesting you do have that
cloth now though
or maybe you had it before and i don't
remember
hello mr horst welcome sophie
well i'm feeling kind of dizzy you
should stop now you're going to pass out
what are you saying really just started
drinking real contest starts now
this guy's hopeless he forgot that we've
been drinking for hours now
hey meister yes do you need anything
uh please wait just a minute sophie
[Music]
we're going to be leaving can you ring
us up yes thank you very much
who said you can decide that
yeah yeah i know let's go outside come
on
[Music]
sorry for the wait sophie i'm kind of
jealous
oh now this is sudden about what exactly
alcohol
didn't we have a similar conversation
before maybe we did
are you really that interested in
drinking i'm a little curious
why because adults are always drinking
until they're dizzy and drunk
aren't they drinking that much because
it tastes really good
not all people drink because they enjoy
the flavor what do you mean
you'll understand when you're older that
line again
alcohol is the flavor of life
now that's kind of hard to understand
[Music]
all right request will you accept
now that i should be able to turn all
that
in
let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
all these have a lot of these have nice
nice things on them that i don't
necessarily want to lose
[Music]
let's see
um
[Music]
i guess
um
[Music]
just that one
you've got i've got a bonus from that
[Music]
oh i don't have i don't have a ceiling
book yet
it's interesting
you can turn that in certainly
[Music]
still not sure where to find those
make two supreme hot milks for 5
18. nah welcome
what rumored is that rumor thank you
well she doesn't like dragons is that
thank you
[Music]
okay yeah we already knew about that is
that rumor thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
pamela likes pendelux
is that thank you
[Music]
okay
a really big land fish thing is those
tend to be really annoyingly tough
[Music]
that might be interesting but i'm not
gonna do it right now
let's go back to the atlear
what kind of stuff should i want to see
if i can make
[Music]
a better wonder stimulant
probably not
so i wonder if
i can make an expert cauldron
[Music]
[Applause]
that would let me
get some let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
so i'll do that and
[Music]
will this go well wow
and what i want to do is i want to get
actually let's see if i put do i have
any red ones here
[Music]
actually for here let's see can i put
there aren't that many blue ones
[Applause]
[Music]
i have any red ones that go here
no this is going to be tricky
[Music]
[Applause]
if i put a white one in
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see if i can
do anything with that
i feel like something great will happen
it's going great
all right this looks great
[Music]
will this go well no
um
let's see that
[Music]
if i put that there
i feel like something great will happen
going great and do that
[Music]
will this go well it gives me a bonus
display 2
and a vertical flip which is better than
what i had before
i would have liked to have rotate and
panel five by five
[Music]
and okay
but we do have that made now
[Music]
what kind of stuff should i now if we do
[Applause]
i'm not sure when the divide thing is
it's probably 120 on that
which material should i choose
so if i sort this by category value
[Music]
if i go for
i guess that
i have any of these that are green yes i
do
mineral extract is green luminous
water is green
[Music]
um yes actually i want to make
mineral extract and or luminous water
[Music]
[Applause]
i guess that's mineral extracts right
yeah
which material should i choose
[Music]
i don't think it matters too much what i
do here okay
i'll try it i feel like something great
will happen
all right this looks great all right
this looks great
she got two more of those
sure whatever yeah this is all done
now if we go back to
this cereal should i choose
[Music]
i'll do that one and
that and that
actually what was that again
[Music]
luminous water
i might need to try to pick up some more
of that will this go well now
[Music]
[Applause]
are those all shaped like that probably
okay
will this go now which cauldron
okay i'll try it
[Music]
i'll try this here
it's going great
[Music]
all right this looks great
now let's see if we put that there
[Music]
it's going great
and there
well ah still only gets up to 190.
[Music]
now i won't bother that if i can't get
it up to the next step
because it's kind of pointless if i
don't
[Music]
now recipe ideas oh i needed to go
and use the ice bomb on something but
we'll do that later
for right now i hope you're enjoying
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear sophie
my name is carsten
let's see we have what kind of stuff
should i make
let's see we needed to make one of those
[Music]
with something i probably can't do yet
we need to actually try
to get
i think
further into
we need to get a better call run
let's make this since we haven't made
some of this yet
[Music]
let's do
that and
that
one of those and what
now which cauldron okay i'll try it
i'll try this keep going great i feel
like something great
all right this looks great
whoa this looks kind of amazing
[Music]
so we got another level out of that
finally made that
[Music]
let's see we'll go ahead and make one of
these materials to use
i should go pick up some more well water
for generic things
[Music]
is this good which cauldron should i use
okay let's start
[Music]
how about this yeah this looks good
oh this this is good
this is good
[Music]
is this good all right i'll finish it
now
[Music]
we'll do
that
is this okay
sure
[Music]
now we needed to make or we needed to
use an ice bomb i think that's what we
needed to do with that
let's see if there's any requests
that want us to go beat stuff up welcome
which request will you accept
ah that needs some stuff i can't do yet
verdant hill
[Music]
this is i think i can fight
vernon hill though
[Music]
i don't know where that is
hill though that is over there
why have i not seen princess grass yet
[Music]
let's accept that welcome
and head over to that area
where are we going next
i apparently haven't
[Music]
apparently missing something there
use that since we're going to be
gathering here
[Music]
oh i bet i haven't gone all the way up
as i bet i ran into one of these things
and got completely demolished and had to
run away
or die let's see
well that's a cave i probably wouldn't
have flowers
they don't look very strong
yeah we can take care of these guys
although actually
i might hold off
and just defend
until they use a skill if this doesn't
completely kill them
which it probably will
attacking that was an easy victory
let's continue like this
since that
[Music]
i had to i had a note to get something
from
lightning where the lightning is a skill
or the enemy
i have to watch i don't know
[Music]
let's go back out here
let's use this again
[Music]
oh now they're gone
okay this should be an easy fight
we have to fight some of these guys
shouldn't be hard at all
but i still have not spotted
those flowers which are supposed to be
[Music]
somewhere in this area
at least according to that quest oh
hello
inferior creatures
if we go to defensive let's go to
defensive this will probably kill one of
them hopefully not two though
[Music]
okay
so what i'm gonna do i'm gonna be in
defensive
and defend for a round or two
[Music]
and hopefully either the warning or one
of the skills they use
will get me that note
[Music]
did get some poison
wait another round or two they're using
a skill again
all right well let's finish them off and
see if that got me
what i need here
this was an obvious result
no it did not so
where are those flowers
[Music]
still not seeing those flowers
see back this way
they don't look very strong
so we will again defend a few rounds and
see if we can get these guys
to do whatever it is that i need for
that note
stand back
just this one time
[Music]
do they have any other skills or
anything that they use besides the ones
i've already seen
in the last battle or two
[Applause]
[Music]
okay we'll go through this round we've
got another skill and another warning
see if they do anything else
[Music]
he's clawing probably the poison again
okay fine so they don't seem to want to
do
anything else we will just go back to
offensive
and beat them all up
attacking
i understand we've won
all right
and i still don't know where those
flowers are
they're supposed to be around here
but they're not i wonder if that working
till exhausted note is running out of
uh lp i can walk back and forth
until that happens certainly
[Music]
um
i guess foggy woodland is the
[Music]
only place that has stuff i need to do
yeah i need to fight some of these guys
please be careful this will be a tough
battle
all right since they say it's going to
be tough we will go ahead and go all
out with
buffs and everything
and go ahead and do rainshot
actually do rainshot on that guy
[Music]
although that weak one's probably gonna
die just from these bombs
not
time to quite fired up
[Music]
that won't work what's your deal
okay so we got around a healing coming
and that will probably almost finish
them off
in fact let's do this
[Music]
you attack you
duplicate that
and you attack and
attack
[Music]
semi-random actions
for us apparently a bunch of levels
there i got stronger again
and some money did i grow stronger
i don't really feel it i think i'm
stronger
and taller
all right
[Music]
got some items
i can't care anymore um
[Music]
drop that
and let's see
that and that
okay well since i can't do anything else
here
actually what we'll do we'll head back
out
and wander back and forth until i run
out of lp
[Music]
got a destination